# Broker

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**auth_client_cert_revocation_check_mode** | **String** | The client certificate revocation checking mode used when a client authenticates with a client certificate. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;none\&quot;&#x60;. The allowed values and their meaning are:  &lt;pre&gt; \&quot;none\&quot; - Do not perform any certificate revocation checking. \&quot;ocsp\&quot; - Use the Open Certificate Status Protcol (OCSP) for certificate revocation checking. \&quot;crl\&quot; - Use Certificate Revocation Lists (CRL) for certificate revocation checking. \&quot;ocsp-crl\&quot; - Use OCSP first, but if OCSP fails to return an unambiguous result, then check via CRL. &lt;/pre&gt;  | [optional] [default to null]
**guaranteed_msging_disk_array_wwn** | **String** | The WWN number to use when accessing a LUN on an external disk array. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;\&quot;&#x60;. Available since 2.18. | [optional] [default to null]
**guaranteed_msging_disk_location** | **String** | The disk location for the the guaranteed message spool (required for high availability with guaranteed messaging). When external is chosen the guaranteed message spool is stored on an external disk array attached to the router. If internal storage is currently used, changing to external causes message spooling on the router to stop and messages spooled on the internal storage to be deleted. If internal is chosen the guaranteed message spool is stored on an external disk array attached to the router. If internal storage is currently used, changing to external causes message spooling on the router to stop and messages spooled on the internal storage to be deleted. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;external\&quot;&#x60;. The allowed values and their meaning are:  &lt;pre&gt; \&quot;external\&quot; - The guaranteed message spool is stored on an external disk array attached to the appliance. \&quot;internal\&quot; - The guaranteed message spool is stored internally on the appliance. &lt;/pre&gt;  Available since 2.18. | [optional] [default to null]
**guaranteed_msging_enabled** | **bool** | Enable or disable Guaranteed Messaging. The default value is &#x60;false&#x60;. Available since 2.18. | [optional] [default to null]
**guaranteed_msging_event_cache_usage_threshold** | [***::models::EventThreshold**](EventThreshold.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**guaranteed_msging_event_delivered_unacked_threshold** | [***::models::EventThresholdByPercent**](EventThresholdByPercent.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**guaranteed_msging_event_disk_usage_threshold** | [***::models::EventThresholdByPercent**](EventThresholdByPercent.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**guaranteed_msging_event_egress_flow_count_threshold** | [***::models::EventThreshold**](EventThreshold.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**guaranteed_msging_event_endpoint_count_threshold** | [***::models::EventThreshold**](EventThreshold.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**guaranteed_msging_event_ingress_flow_count_threshold** | [***::models::EventThreshold**](EventThreshold.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**guaranteed_msging_event_msg_count_threshold** | [***::models::EventThresholdByPercent**](EventThresholdByPercent.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**guaranteed_msging_event_msg_spool_file_count_threshold** | [***::models::EventThresholdByPercent**](EventThresholdByPercent.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**guaranteed_msging_event_msg_spool_usage_threshold** | [***::models::EventThreshold**](EventThreshold.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**guaranteed_msging_event_transacted_session_count_threshold** | [***::models::EventThreshold**](EventThreshold.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**guaranteed_msging_event_transacted_session_resource_count_threshold** | [***::models::EventThresholdByPercent**](EventThresholdByPercent.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**guaranteed_msging_event_transaction_count_threshold** | [***::models::EventThreshold**](EventThreshold.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**guaranteed_msging_max_cache_usage** | **i32** | Guaranteed messaging cache usage limit. Expressed as a maximum percentage of the NAB&#39;s egress queueing. resources that the guaranteed message cache is allowed to use. The default value is &#x60;10&#x60;. Available since 2.18. | [optional] [default to null]
**guaranteed_msging_max_msg_spool_usage** | **i64** | The maximum total message spool usage allowed across all VPNs on this broker, in megabytes. Recommendation: the maximum value should be less than 90% of the disk space allocated for the guaranteed message spool. The default value is &#x60;60000&#x60;. Available since 2.18. | [optional] [default to null]
**guaranteed_msging_transaction_replication_compatibility_mode** | **String** | The replication compatibility mode for the router. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;legacy\&quot;&#x60;. The allowed values and their meaning are:\&quot;legacy\&quot; - All transactions originated by clients are replicated to the standby site without using transactions.\&quot;transacted\&quot; - All transactions originated by clients are replicated to the standby site using transactions. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;legacy\&quot;&#x60;. The allowed values and their meaning are:  &lt;pre&gt; \&quot;legacy\&quot; - All transactions originated by clients are replicated to the standby site without using transactions. \&quot;transacted\&quot; - All transactions originated by clients are replicated to the standby site using transactions. &lt;/pre&gt;  Available since 2.18. | [optional] [default to null]
**guaranteed_msging_virtual_router_when_active_active** | **String** | The High Availability role for this broker if using the legacy Active/Active configuration for high availability (not recommended). Note: for Active/Standby high availability configuration, this setting is ignored. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;primary\&quot;&#x60;. The allowed values and their meaning are:  &lt;pre&gt; \&quot;primary\&quot; - The primary virtual router. \&quot;backup\&quot; - The backup virtual router. &lt;/pre&gt;  Available since 2.18. | [optional] [default to null]
**service_amqp_enabled** | **bool** | Enable or disable the AMQP service. When disabled new AMQP Clients may not connect through the global or per-VPN AMQP listen-ports, and all currently connected AMQP Clients are immediately disconnected. The default value is &#x60;false&#x60;. Available since 2.17. | [optional] [default to null]
**service_amqp_tls_listen_port** | **i64** | TCP port number that AMQP clients can use to connect to the broker using raw TCP over TLS. The default value is &#x60;0&#x60;. Available since 2.17. | [optional] [default to null]
**service_event_connection_count_threshold** | [***::models::EventThreshold**](EventThreshold.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**service_health_check_enabled** | **bool** | Enable or disable the health-check service. The default value is &#x60;false&#x60;. Available since 2.17. | [optional] [default to null]
**service_health_check_listen_port** | **i64** | The port number for the health-check service. The port must be unique across the message backbone. The health-check service must be disabled to change the port. The default value is &#x60;5550&#x60;. Available since 2.17. | [optional] [default to null]
**service_mqtt_enabled** | **bool** | Enable or disable the MQTT service. When disabled new MQTT Clients may not connect through the per-VPN MQTT listen-ports, and all currently connected MQTT Clients are immediately disconnected. The default value is &#x60;false&#x60;. Available since 2.17. | [optional] [default to null]
**service_msg_backbone_enabled** | **bool** | Enable or disable the msg-backbone service. When disabled new Clients may not connect through global or per-VPN listen-ports, and all currently connected Clients are immediately disconnected. The default value is &#x60;true&#x60;. Available since 2.17. | [optional] [default to null]
**service_rest_event_outgoing_connection_count_threshold** | [***::models::EventThreshold**](EventThreshold.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**service_rest_incoming_enabled** | **bool** | Enable or disable the REST service incoming connections on the router. The default value is &#x60;false&#x60;. Available since 2.17. | [optional] [default to null]
**service_rest_outgoing_enabled** | **bool** | Enable or disable the REST service outgoing connections on the router. The default value is &#x60;false&#x60;. Available since 2.17. | [optional] [default to null]
**service_semp_legacy_timeout_enabled** | **bool** | Enable or disable extended SEMP timeouts for paged GETs. When a request times out, it returns the current page of content, even if the page is not full.  When enabled, the timeout is 60 seconds. When disabled, the timeout is 5 seconds.  The recommended setting is disabled (no legacy-timeout).  This parameter is intended as a temporary workaround to be used until SEMP clients can handle short pages.  This setting will be removed in a future release. The default value is &#x60;false&#x60;. Available since 2.18. | [optional] [default to null]
**service_semp_plain_text_enabled** | **bool** | Enable or disable plain-text SEMP service. The default value is &#x60;true&#x60;. Available since 2.17. | [optional] [default to null]
**service_semp_plain_text_listen_port** | **i64** | The TCP port for plain-text SEMP client connections. The default value is &#x60;80&#x60;. Available since 2.17. | [optional] [default to null]
**service_semp_tls_enabled** | **bool** | Enable or disable TLS SEMP service. The default value is &#x60;true&#x60;. Available since 2.17. | [optional] [default to null]
**service_semp_tls_listen_port** | **i64** | The TCP port for TLS SEMP client connections. The default value is &#x60;1943&#x60;. Available since 2.17. | [optional] [default to null]
**service_smf_compression_listen_port** | **i64** | TCP port number that SMF clients can use to connect to the broker using raw compression TCP. The default value is &#x60;55003&#x60;. Available since 2.17. | [optional] [default to null]
**service_smf_enabled** | **bool** | Enable or disable the SMF service. When disabled new SMF Clients may not connect through the global listen-ports, and all currently connected SMF Clients are immediately disconnected. The default value is &#x60;true&#x60;. Available since 2.17. | [optional] [default to null]
**service_smf_event_connection_count_threshold** | [***::models::EventThreshold**](EventThreshold.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**service_smf_plain_text_listen_port** | **i64** | TCP port number that SMF clients can use to connect to the broker using raw TCP. The default value is &#x60;55555&#x60;. Available since 2.17. | [optional] [default to null]
**service_smf_routing_control_listen_port** | **i64** | TCP port number that SMF clients can use to connect to the broker using raw routing control TCP. The default value is &#x60;55556&#x60;. Available since 2.17. | [optional] [default to null]
**service_smf_tls_listen_port** | **i64** | TCP port number that SMF clients can use to connect to the broker using raw TCP over TLS. The default value is &#x60;55443&#x60;. Available since 2.17. | [optional] [default to null]
**service_tls_event_connection_count_threshold** | [***::models::EventThreshold**](EventThreshold.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**service_web_transport_enabled** | **bool** | Enable or disable the web-transport service. When disabled new web-transport Clients may not connect through the global listen-ports, and all currently connected web-transport Clients are immediately disconnected. The default value is &#x60;false&#x60;. Available since 2.17. | [optional] [default to null]
**service_web_transport_plain_text_listen_port** | **i64** | The TCP port for plain-text WEB client connections. The default value is &#x60;80&#x60;. Available since 2.17. | [optional] [default to null]
**service_web_transport_tls_listen_port** | **i64** | The TCP port for TLS WEB client connections. The default value is &#x60;443&#x60;. Available since 2.17. | [optional] [default to null]
**service_web_transport_web_url_suffix** | **String** | Used to specify the Web URL suffix that will be used by Web clients when communicating with the broker. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;\&quot;&#x60;. Available since 2.17. | [optional] [default to null]
**tls_block_version10_enabled** | **bool** | Enable or disable the blocking of incoming TLS version 1.0 connections. When blocked, existing TLS 1.0 connections from Clients and SEMP users remain connected while new connections are blocked. Note that support for TLS 1.0 will eventually be discontinued, at which time TLS 1.0 connections will be blocked regardless of this setting. The default value is &#x60;true&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**tls_block_version11_enabled** | **bool** | Enable or disable the blocking of TLS version 1.1 connections. When blocked, all existing incoming and outgoing TLS 1.1 connections with Clients, SEMP users, and LDAP servers remain connected while new connections are blocked. Note that support for TLS 1.1 will eventually be discontinued, at which time TLS 1.1 connections will be blocked regardless of this setting. The default value is &#x60;false&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**tls_cipher_suite_management_list** | **String** | The colon-separated list of cipher suites used for TLS management connections (e.g. SEMP, LDAP). The value \&quot;default\&quot; implies all supported suites ordered from most secure to least secure. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;default\&quot;&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**tls_cipher_suite_msg_backbone_list** | **String** | The colon-separated list of cipher suites used for TLS data connections (e.g. client pub/sub). The value \&quot;default\&quot; implies all supported suites ordered from most secure to least secure. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;default\&quot;&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**tls_cipher_suite_secure_shell_list** | **String** | The colon-separated list of cipher suites used for TLS secure shell connections (e.g. SSH, SFTP, SCP). The value \&quot;default\&quot; implies all supported suites ordered from most secure to least secure. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;default\&quot;&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**tls_crime_exploit_protection_enabled** | **bool** | Enable or disable protection against the CRIME exploit. When enabled, TLS+compressed messaging performance is degraded. This protection should only be disabled if sufficient ACL and authentication features are being employed such that a potential attacker does not have sufficient access to trigger the exploit. The default value is &#x60;true&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**tls_server_cert_content** | **String** | The PEM formatted content for the server certificate used for TLS connections. It must consist of a private key and between one and three certificates comprising the certificate trust chain. This attribute is absent from a GET and not updated when absent in a PUT, subject to the exceptions in note 4. Changing this attribute requires an HTTPS connection. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;\&quot;&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**tls_server_cert_password** | **String** | The password for the server certificate used for TLS connections. This attribute is absent from a GET and not updated when absent in a PUT, subject to the exceptions in note 4. Changing this attribute requires an HTTPS connection. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;\&quot;&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**tls_standard_domain_certificate_authorities_enabled** | **bool** | Enable or disable the standard domain certificate authority list. The default value is &#x60;true&#x60;. Available since 2.19. | [optional] [default to null]
**tls_ticket_lifetime** | **i32** | The TLS ticket lifetime in seconds. When a client connects with TLS, a session with a session ticket is created using the TLS ticket lifetime which determines how long the client has to resume the session. The default value is &#x60;86400&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


