# DmrClusterLink

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**authentication_basic_password** | **String** | The password used to authenticate with the remote node when using basic internal authentication. If this per-Link password is not configured, the Cluster&#39;s password is used instead. The default is to have no &#x60;authenticationBasicPassword&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**authentication_scheme** | **String** | The authentication scheme to be used by the Link which initiates connections to the remote node. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;basic\&quot;&#x60;. The allowed values and their meaning are:  &lt;pre&gt; \&quot;basic\&quot; - Basic Authentication Scheme (via username and password). \&quot;client-certificate\&quot; - Client Certificate Authentication Scheme (via certificate file or content). &lt;/pre&gt;  | [optional] [default to null]
**client_profile_queue_control1_max_depth** | **i32** | The maximum depth of the \&quot;Control 1\&quot; (C-1) priority queue, in work units. Each work unit is 2048 bytes of message data. The default value is &#x60;20000&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**client_profile_queue_control1_min_msg_burst** | **i32** | The number of messages that are always allowed entry into the \&quot;Control 1\&quot; (C-1) priority queue, regardless of the \&quot;queueControl1MaxDepth\&quot; value. The default value is &#x60;4&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**client_profile_queue_direct1_max_depth** | **i32** | The maximum depth of the \&quot;Direct 1\&quot; (D-1) priority queue, in work units. Each work unit is 2048 bytes of message data. The default value is &#x60;20000&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**client_profile_queue_direct1_min_msg_burst** | **i32** | The number of messages that are always allowed entry into the \&quot;Direct 1\&quot; (D-1) priority queue, regardless of the \&quot;queueDirect1MaxDepth\&quot; value. The default value is &#x60;4&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**client_profile_queue_direct2_max_depth** | **i32** | The maximum depth of the \&quot;Direct 2\&quot; (D-2) priority queue, in work units. Each work unit is 2048 bytes of message data. The default value is &#x60;20000&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**client_profile_queue_direct2_min_msg_burst** | **i32** | The number of messages that are always allowed entry into the \&quot;Direct 2\&quot; (D-2) priority queue, regardless of the \&quot;queueDirect2MaxDepth\&quot; value. The default value is &#x60;4&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**client_profile_queue_direct3_max_depth** | **i32** | The maximum depth of the \&quot;Direct 3\&quot; (D-3) priority queue, in work units. Each work unit is 2048 bytes of message data. The default value is &#x60;20000&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**client_profile_queue_direct3_min_msg_burst** | **i32** | The number of messages that are always allowed entry into the \&quot;Direct 3\&quot; (D-3) priority queue, regardless of the \&quot;queueDirect3MaxDepth\&quot; value. The default value is &#x60;4&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**client_profile_queue_guaranteed1_max_depth** | **i32** | The maximum depth of the \&quot;Guaranteed 1\&quot; (G-1) priority queue, in work units. Each work unit is 2048 bytes of message data. The default value is &#x60;20000&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**client_profile_queue_guaranteed1_min_msg_burst** | **i32** | The number of messages that are always allowed entry into the \&quot;Guaranteed 1\&quot; (G-3) priority queue, regardless of the \&quot;queueGuaranteed1MaxDepth\&quot; value. The default value is &#x60;255&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**client_profile_tcp_congestion_window_size** | **i64** | The TCP initial congestion window size, in multiples of the TCP Maximum Segment Size (MSS). Changing the value from its default of 2 results in non-compliance with RFC 2581. Contact Solace Support before changing this value. The default value is &#x60;2&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**client_profile_tcp_keepalive_count** | **i64** | The number of TCP keepalive retransmissions to be carried out before declaring that the remote end is not available. The default value is &#x60;5&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**client_profile_tcp_keepalive_idle_time** | **i64** | The amount of time a connection must remain idle before TCP begins sending keepalive probes, in seconds. The default value is &#x60;3&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**client_profile_tcp_keepalive_interval** | **i64** | The amount of time between TCP keepalive retransmissions when no acknowledgement is received, in seconds. The default value is &#x60;1&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**client_profile_tcp_max_segment_size** | **i64** | The TCP maximum segment size, in kilobytes. Changes are applied to all existing connections. The default value is &#x60;1460&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**client_profile_tcp_max_window_size** | **i64** | The TCP maximum window size, in kilobytes. Changes are applied to all existing connections. The default value is &#x60;256&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**dmr_cluster_name** | **String** | The name of the Cluster. | [optional] [default to null]
**egress_flow_window_size** | **i64** | The number of outstanding guaranteed messages that can be sent over the Link before acknowledgement is received by the sender. The default value is &#x60;255&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**enabled** | **bool** | Enable or disable the Link. When disabled, subscription sets of this and the remote node are not kept up-to-date, and messages are not exchanged with the remote node. Published guaranteed messages will be queued up for future delivery based on current subscription sets. The default value is &#x60;false&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**initiator** | **String** | The initiator of the Link&#39;s TCP connections. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;lexical\&quot;&#x60;. The allowed values and their meaning are:  &lt;pre&gt; \&quot;lexical\&quot; - The \&quot;higher\&quot; node-name initiates. \&quot;local\&quot; - The local node initiates. \&quot;remote\&quot; - The remote node initiates. &lt;/pre&gt;  | [optional] [default to null]
**queue_dead_msg_queue** | **String** | The name of the Dead Message Queue (DMQ) used by the Queue for discarded messages. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;#DEAD_MSG_QUEUE\&quot;&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**queue_event_spool_usage_threshold** | [***::models::EventThreshold**](EventThreshold.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**queue_max_delivered_unacked_msgs_per_flow** | **i64** | The maximum number of messages delivered but not acknowledged per flow for the Queue. The default is the max value supported by the platform. | [optional] [default to null]
**queue_max_msg_spool_usage** | **i64** | The maximum message spool usage by the Queue (quota), in megabytes (MB). The default varies by platform. | [optional] [default to null]
**queue_max_redelivery_count** | **i64** | The maximum number of times the Queue will attempt redelivery of a message prior to it being discarded or moved to the DMQ. A value of 0 means to retry forever. The default value is &#x60;0&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**queue_max_ttl** | **i64** | The maximum time in seconds a message can stay in the Queue when &#x60;respectTtlEnabled&#x60; is &#x60;true&#x60;. A message expires when the lesser of the sender assigned time-to-live (TTL) in the message and the &#x60;maxTtl&#x60; configured for the Queue, is exceeded. A value of 0 disables expiry. The default value is &#x60;0&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**queue_reject_msg_to_sender_on_discard_behavior** | **String** | The message discard behavior, providing the condition for returning a negative acknowledgement (NACK) to the sender. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;always\&quot;&#x60;. The allowed values and their meaning are:  &lt;pre&gt; \&quot;always\&quot; - Always return a negative acknowledgment (NACK) to the sending client on message discard. \&quot;when-queue-enabled\&quot; - Only return a negative acknowledgment (NACK) to the sending client on message discard when the Queue is enabled. \&quot;never\&quot; - Never return a negative acknowledgment (NACK) to the sending client on message discard. &lt;/pre&gt;  | [optional] [default to null]
**queue_respect_ttl_enabled** | **bool** | Enable or disable the respecting of the time-to-live (TTL) for messages in the Queue. When enabled, expired messages are discarded or moved to the DMQ. The default value is &#x60;false&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**remote_node_name** | **String** | The name of the node at the remote end of the Link. | [optional] [default to null]
**span** | **String** | The span of the Link, either internal or external. Internal Links connect nodes within the same Cluster. External Links connect nodes within different Clusters. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;external\&quot;&#x60;. The allowed values and their meaning are:  &lt;pre&gt; \&quot;internal\&quot; - Link to same cluster. \&quot;external\&quot; - Link to other cluster. &lt;/pre&gt;  | [optional] [default to null]
**transport_compressed_enabled** | **bool** | Enable or disable compression on the Link. The default value is &#x60;false&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**transport_tls_enabled** | **bool** | Enable or disable encryption on the Link. The default value is &#x60;false&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


