# MsgVpnJndiConnectionFactory

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**allow_duplicate_client_id_enabled** | **bool** | Enable or disable whether new JMS connections can use the same Client identifier (ID) as an existing connection. The default value is &#x60;false&#x60;. Available since 2.3.0. | [optional] [default to null]
**client_description** | **String** | The description of the Client. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;\&quot;&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**client_id** | **String** | The Client identifier (ID). If not specified, a unique value for it will be generated. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;\&quot;&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**connection_factory_name** | **String** | The name of the JMS Connection Factory. | [optional] [default to null]
**dto_receive_override_enabled** | **bool** | Enable or disable overriding by the Subscriber (Consumer) of the deliver-to-one (DTO) property on messages received by it. The default value is &#x60;true&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**dto_receive_subscriber_local_priority** | **i32** | The priority for receiving deliver-to-one (DTO) messages by the Subscriber (Consumer), if the messages are published on the Router that the Subscriber is directly connected to (messages are published locally). The default value is &#x60;1&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**dto_receive_subscriber_network_priority** | **i32** | The priority for receiving deliver-to-one (DTO) messages by the Subscriber (Consumer), if the messages are published on the Router other that the Subscriber is directly connected to (messages are published on a remote router). The default value is &#x60;1&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**dto_send_enabled** | **bool** | Enable or disable the deliver-to-one (DTO) property on messages sent by the Publisher (Producer). The default value is &#x60;false&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**dynamic_endpoint_create_durable_enabled** | **bool** | Enable or disable whether a durable endpoint will be created on the Router when the corresponding \&quot;Session.createDurableSubscriber()\&quot; or \&quot;Session.createQueue()\&quot; is called. The created endpoint respects messages \&quot;time to live\&quot; (TTL) property according to the \&quot;dynamicEndpointRespectTtlEnabled\&quot; property value. The default value is &#x60;false&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**dynamic_endpoint_respect_ttl_enabled** | **bool** | Enable or disable whether dynamically created durable and non-durable endpoints respect messages \&quot;time to live\&quot; (TTL) property. The default value is &#x60;true&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**guaranteed_receive_ack_timeout** | **i32** | The timeout for sending the acknowledgement (ACK) for guaranteed messages received by the Subscriber (Consumer), in milliseconds. The default value is &#x60;1000&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**guaranteed_receive_window_size** | **i32** | The size of the window for guaranteed messages received by the Subscriber (Consumer), in messages. The default value is &#x60;18&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**guaranteed_receive_window_size_ack_threshold** | **i32** | The threshold for sending the acknowledgement (ACK) for guaranteed message receives by the Subscriber (Consumer) as percentage of its maximum value of \&quot;guaranteedReceiveWindowSize\&quot;. The default value is &#x60;60&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**guaranteed_send_ack_timeout** | **i32** | The timeout for receiving the acknowledgement (ACK) for guaranteed messages sent by the Publisher (Producer), in milliseconds. The default value is &#x60;2000&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**guaranteed_send_window_size** | **i32** | The size of the window for guaranteed messages sent by the Publisher (Producer), in messages. The default value is &#x60;255&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**messaging_default_delivery_mode** | **String** | The default delivery mode for messages sent by the Publisher (Producer). The default value is &#x60;\&quot;persistent\&quot;&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**messaging_default_dmq_eligible_enabled** | **bool** | Enable or disable whether messages sent by the Publisher (Producer) are Dead Message Queue (DMQ) eligible by default. The default value is &#x60;false&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**messaging_default_eliding_eligible_enabled** | **bool** | Enable or disable whether messages sent by the Publisher (Producer) are Eliding eligible by default. The default value is &#x60;false&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**messaging_jmsx_user_id_enabled** | **bool** | Enable or disable adding or replacing of the JMSXUserID property in messages sent by the Publisher (Producer). The default value is &#x60;false&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**messaging_text_in_xml_payload_enabled** | **bool** | Enable or disable encoding of JMS text messages messages sent by the Publisher (Producer) in the message XML payload. When disabled it means that text messages are encoded in binary attachments. The default value is &#x60;true&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**msg_vpn_name** | **String** | The name of the Message VPN. | [optional] [default to null]
**transport_compression_level** | **i32** | The level of the ZLIB compression for the connection to the Router. \&quot;0\&quot; value means no compression, \&quot;-1\&quot; value means the compression level is specified in the JNDI Properties File. The default value is &#x60;-1&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**transport_connect_retry_count** | **i32** | The maximum number of attempts to establish an initial connection to the Router. \&quot;0\&quot; value means a single attempt, \&quot;-1\&quot; value means to retry forever. The default value is &#x60;0&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**transport_connect_retry_per_host_count** | **i32** | The maximum number of attempts to establish an initial connection to one host (Router) on the list of hosts (Routers). \&quot;0\&quot; value means a single attempt, \&quot;-1\&quot; value means to retry forever. The default value is &#x60;0&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**transport_connect_timeout** | **i32** | The timeout for establishing an initial connection to the Router, in milliseconds. The default value is &#x60;30000&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**transport_direct_transport_enabled** | **bool** | Enable or disable usage of the Direct Transport Mode for sending non-persistent messages. Disabled value means that the Guaranteed Transport Mode is used. The default value is &#x60;true&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**transport_keepalive_count** | **i32** | The maximum number of consecutive application-level keepalive messages sent without the Router response before the connection to the Router is closed. The default value is &#x60;3&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**transport_keepalive_enabled** | **bool** | Enable or disable usage of application-level keepalive messages to the Router. The default value is &#x60;true&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**transport_keepalive_interval** | **i32** | The interval between application-level keepalive messages, in milliseconds. The default value is &#x60;3000&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**transport_msg_callback_on_io_thread_enabled** | **bool** | Enable or disable delivery of asynchronous messages directly from the I/O thread. The default value is &#x60;false&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**transport_optimize_direct_enabled** | **bool** | Enable or disable optimization for the Direct Transport. If enabled, the application is limited by a single Subscriber (Consumer) and Publisher (Producer) per connection that, when combined with the topic dispatch turned off, improves latency when consuming messages. The default value is &#x60;false&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**transport_port** | **i32** | The connection port number on the Router that is the port number for SMF clients. \&quot;-1\&quot; value means the port is specified in the JNDI Properties File. The default value is &#x60;-1&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**transport_read_timeout** | **i32** | The timeout for reading a reply from the Router, in milliseconds. The default value is &#x60;10000&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**transport_receive_buffer_size** | **i32** | The size of the receive socket buffer, in bytes. It corresponds to the SO_RCVBUF socket option. The default value is &#x60;65536&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**transport_reconnect_retry_count** | **i32** | The maximum number of attempts to reestablish a connection to the Router after it has been lost. \&quot;-1\&quot; value means to retry forever. The default value is &#x60;3&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**transport_reconnect_retry_wait** | **i32** | The amount of time before making another attempt to connect or reconnect to the Router after it has been lost, in milliseconds. The default value is &#x60;3000&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**transport_send_buffer_size** | **i32** | The size of the send socket buffer, in bytes. It corresponds to the SO_SNDBUF socket option. The default value is &#x60;65536&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**transport_tcp_no_delay_enabled** | **bool** | Enable or disable the TCP/IP Congestion Control (per RFC 896, the Nagles algorithm) known as \&quot;the TCP_NODELAY option\&quot;. The default value is &#x60;true&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**xa_enabled** | **bool** | Specify whether this is the XA Connection Factory. When enabled, the Connection Factory can be cast to \&quot;XAConnectionFactory\&quot;, \&quot;XAQueueConnectionFactory\&quot; or \&quot;XATopicConnectionFactory\&quot;. The default value is &#x60;false&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


