# MsgVpnTopicEndpointTemplate

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**access_type** | **String** | The access type for delivering messages to consumer flows. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;exclusive\&quot;&#x60;. The allowed values and their meaning are:  &lt;pre&gt; \&quot;exclusive\&quot; - Exclusive delivery of messages to the first bound consumer flow. \&quot;non-exclusive\&quot; - Non-exclusive delivery of messages to all bound consumer flows in a round-robin fashion. &lt;/pre&gt;  | [optional] [default to null]
**consumer_ack_propagation_enabled** | **bool** | Enable or disable the propagation of consumer acknowledgements (ACKs) received on the active replication Message VPN to the standby replication Message VPN. The default value is &#x60;true&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**dead_msg_queue** | **String** | The name of the Dead Message Queue (DMQ). The default value is &#x60;\&quot;#DEAD_MSG_QUEUE\&quot;&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**event_bind_count_threshold** | [***::models::EventThreshold**](EventThreshold.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**event_msg_spool_usage_threshold** | [***::models::EventThreshold**](EventThreshold.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**event_reject_low_priority_msg_limit_threshold** | [***::models::EventThreshold**](EventThreshold.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**max_bind_count** | **i64** | The maximum number of consumer flows that can bind. The default value is &#x60;1&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**max_delivered_unacked_msgs_per_flow** | **i64** | The maximum number of messages delivered but not acknowledged per flow. The default value is &#x60;10000&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**max_msg_size** | **i32** | The maximum message size allowed, in bytes (B). The default value is &#x60;10000000&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**max_msg_spool_usage** | **i64** | The maximum message spool usage allowed, in megabytes (MB). A value of 0 only allows spooling of the last message received and disables quota checking. The default value is &#x60;4000&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**max_redelivery_count** | **i64** | The maximum number of message redelivery attempts that will occur prior to the message being discarded or moved to the DMQ. A value of 0 means to retry forever. The default value is &#x60;0&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**max_ttl** | **i64** | The maximum time in seconds a message can stay in the Topic Endpoint when &#x60;respectTtlEnabled&#x60; is &#x60;\&quot;true\&quot;&#x60;. A message expires when the lesser of the sender assigned time-to-live (TTL) in the message and the &#x60;maxTtl&#x60; configured for the Topic Endpoint, is exceeded. A value of 0 disables expiry. The default value is &#x60;0&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**msg_vpn_name** | **String** | The name of the Message VPN. | [optional] [default to null]
**permission** | **String** | The permission level for all consumers, excluding the owner. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;no-access\&quot;&#x60;. The allowed values and their meaning are:  &lt;pre&gt; \&quot;no-access\&quot; - Disallows all access. \&quot;read-only\&quot; - Read-only access to the messages. \&quot;consume\&quot; - Consume (read and remove) messages. \&quot;modify-topic\&quot; - Consume messages or modify the topic/selector. \&quot;delete\&quot; - Consume messages, modify the topic/selector or delete the Client created endpoint altogether. &lt;/pre&gt;  | [optional] [default to null]
**reject_low_priority_msg_enabled** | **bool** | Enable or disable the checking of low priority messages against the &#x60;rejectLowPriorityMsgLimit&#x60;. This may only be enabled if &#x60;rejectMsgToSenderOnDiscardBehavior&#x60; does not have a value of &#x60;\&quot;never\&quot;&#x60;. The default value is &#x60;false&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**reject_low_priority_msg_limit** | **i64** | The number of messages that are permitted before low priority messages are rejected. The default value is &#x60;0&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**reject_msg_to_sender_on_discard_behavior** | **String** | Determines when to return negative acknowledgements (NACKs) to sending clients on message discards. Note that NACKs cause the message to not be delivered to any destination and Transacted Session commits to fail. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;never\&quot;&#x60;. The allowed values and their meaning are:  &lt;pre&gt; \&quot;always\&quot; - Always return a negative acknowledgment (NACK) to the sending client on message discard. \&quot;when-topic-endpoint-enabled\&quot; - Only return a negative acknowledgment (NACK) to the sending client on message discard when the Topic Endpoint is enabled. \&quot;never\&quot; - Never return a negative acknowledgment (NACK) to the sending client on message discard. &lt;/pre&gt;  | [optional] [default to null]
**respect_msg_priority_enabled** | **bool** | Enable or disable the respecting of message priority. When enabled, messages are delivered in priority order, from 9 (highest) to 0 (lowest). The default value is &#x60;false&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**respect_ttl_enabled** | **bool** | Enable or disable the respecting of the time-to-live (TTL) for messages. When enabled, expired messages are discarded or moved to the DMQ. The default value is &#x60;false&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**topic_endpoint_name_filter** | **String** | A wildcardable pattern used to determine which Topic Endpoints use settings from this Template. Two different wildcards are supported: * and &gt;. Similar to topic filters or subscription patterns, a &gt; matches anything (but only when used at the end), and a * matches zero or more characters but never a slash (/). A &gt; is only a wildcard when used at the end, after a /. A * is only allowed at the end, after a slash (/). The default value is &#x60;\&quot;\&quot;&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**topic_endpoint_template_name** | **String** | The name of the Topic Endpoint Template. | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


